Added a form in index.mdx (#4278)
layer5io/layer5: src/collections/service-mesh-books/the-enterprise-path-to-service-mesh-architectures-2nd-Edition/index.mdx

import { BookWrapper } from "../Book.style.js";
import service_mesh_book_second_edition from "./The-Enterprise-path-to-service-mesh-Architectures-2nd-Edition.png"
import Button from "../../../reusecore/Button";
import CommonForm from "../../../components/CommonForm";

<BookWrapper>

<div className="book"><a href="https://www.nginx.com/resources/library/the-enterprise-path-to-service-mesh-architectures/"><img className="card" width="300px" src={service_mesh_book_second_edition} align="centre" /></a><div>&nbsp;</div>
    /*
 <Button primary className="banner-btn one pa-8" title="Get the Book" url="https://www.nginx.com/resources/library/the-enterprise-path-to-service-mesh-architectures/" external="true" />
 */

>    <Col lg={5} md={6} sm={12} style={{ padding: "0" }}>
>       <CommonForm
>         title="Get the Book"
>         form="The Enterprise path to service mesh Architectures 2nd Edition"
>         account_desc="Send the The Enterprise path to service mesh Architectures 2nd Edition book in the Mail."
>         submit_title="You will get book soon in the mail!"
>         submit_body="Please patiently await for The Enterprise path to service mesh Architectures 2nd Edition Book."
>       />
>     </Col>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <Col lg={5} md={6} sm={12} style={{ padding: "0" }}>
      <CommonForm
        title="Get the Book"
        form="epsma-book"
        account_desc="Email the The Enterprise Path to Service Mesh Architectures 2nd Edition"
        submit_title="Your copy of the book will arrive in your mailbox shortly."
        submit_body="While waiting for your copy to arrive take a free learning path - https://layer5.io/learn/learning-path"
      />
    </Col>
```
